I
so these are fireworks
okay so this is the power pack from
kaboom com fireworks so first what we
have is a big shooting star and then we
have the magic comet ride and then we
have a fireball classic pen ball and
then we have the ultra sonic boom right
there and then we have a cobra fountain
and here we have a sonic boom here we
have to poo poo fountain ones read in
one screen and then here we have another
pen ball dragon rocket here we have a
shell shocker fountain here's a silver
butterfly fountain and here's a sales or
flying fish and here we have some ground
things so next we have the bee's knees
and we have two of these packs but so
I'm only gonna just tell you once
because I'm sure you don't want to hear
it again so on the outsides here we have
two fireballs classic ten here and here
and here we have two cuckoo fountain one
thread on one screen and then over here
we have a gold Flying Fish fountain over
here we have a sonic boom which goes in
the air and explodes I can't read what
this is but it's some sort of a fountain
in here we have another sonic boom down
here we have a crackling blue and here
we have to glory fountains the ones
colored on one screen here we have howl
at the moon which is a pretty big thing
I think it's a fountain that whistles
and here is a shooting shower I think
after this call you can't read the whole
thing which is another fountain and here
we have a couple of ground wizards and
that's the beat so here we have just a
Vulcan for our assortment so it's just
three big barrages so the first one here
is a dragon's breath the second one in
the middle here is a sky mirage and the
third one's ocean mist so what they do
is they shoot 30 shots into the air of
different colors here we have a happy
pack and this is again by kaboom calm so
here we have a fireball such as ten
shots here we have a sonic boom which
goes in the air here we have silver
butterflies here we've got a the cherry
bomb which is a big ass Mountain I'm
guessing here's a supersonic boom here
is some sort of something Tiger I can't
with flying tiger and it's a comment and
here's another fireball classic and this
is eight here we have some ground
whizzers and here we have some ground
bloomers which are on the ground again
here we have a Vulcan jumbo rocket
fountain there six in a pack and I got
them for ten dollars so what happens is
you stick them in the ground and they go
up in different colors and then they
start crackling at the end for about 20
seconds so here i have three Vulcan
cherry bomb pox which i got four five
dollars so they go in the air and they
make a loud bang and then here i got a
2-pack to dragon eggs which spin along
the ground and then start crackling with
the little rocks that are inside here i
have a pack of mini air bombs let go in
the end they just make a bang I've never
actually had these before
here we got two super sonic booms which
came free with the packs that I bought
because I spent over a hundred dollars
and you get a pack for each 50 for fifty
dollars you spend and last but not least
I have shot Vulcan shotgun shells so
we've never had these before but it says
they throw stars and flaming balls into
the air and then just so this is a Wayne
Roxanne Roy and bikes fireworks for the
whole summer good